/pt/w/hn/dan_ryan_discussion2012_0331.txt

Hackternoon.com

Ryan Adams

2012-Mar-31

 
Audience

       New Developers

       Experienced Developers

       Venue Providers

       Facilitators/Hosts

       Domain Experts

 
Appeal:

Experienced Developers

       Meet and work with other experienced developers

       Learn new technologies

       Social/Networking

       Find a job

       Find talent

       *Comfortable social situation (can be social, or choose not to be)

       Opportunity to share knowledge with 


New Developers

       Access to experienced developers

       Social/Networking

       Non-judgmental learning situation

       Possible new work/projects to learn on

Domain Experts

       Find developers for projects

       Opportunity to share knowledge

       Learn enough to build prototypes of systems

       Learn enough to build complete systems

       Social/Networking

Facilitators/Hosts

       Meet experienced developers

       Advertise for a venue provider (e.g. a marketing person for Hacker Dojo)

       Personal enjoyment (social, matchmaking, etc.)

Venue Providers

       New business possibilities (commercial, like Hacker Dojo or coffee shops)

       Interest in hacking and meeting hackers (non-commercial people with space)

       Meeting prospective students (educational institutions)

       Meeting prospective employees (companies like intuit or google)
 
Message

Activities, the website, communications and marketing materials, policies, etc. must  be aligned with ALL aspects of the message. Venues, facilitators, etc. should be chosen with an eye toward how well they align with and promote the components of the message.



       Social

       Free-form

       Low pressure

       Technology

       Learn new skills and share with others

 

 
Marketing to Venue Providers

Hackternoon draws a very specific group that is desirable to the various venue providers:

       Hacker/Work Spaces

        Exactly the type of folks they want to use their space and sign up for their product

        Professional, and often seeking an outside work environment

       Wifi Cafés

        Professionals that understand that WIFI isn’t free (they will purchase food and beverages), and will respect the space.

        Aside from the immediate sales, many will return to work at the café on future occasions

       Non-commercial spaces

        Fun, respectful group of folks with a wealth of knowledge and experience to share

       Educational institutions

        Excellent potential students, especially for technology and business related graduate programs

       Companies

        Pre-selected group of people who enjoy spending their weekend writing code

        Great way to meet potential employees in a low-pressure environment

The Site

Front page should be all about the message. It should also include elements that will be used most: where and when are hackternoons happening (with zip code search?), and other info that people will be looking for when they come to the site.
 

“Whiteboard” or “Post Something”

       Replaces the “Projects” section

       Free form, just a textbox, so that people can ask things like “Anyone up for doing rails” or “Want to learn about twitter bootstrap”

 

“What are you interested in?”

       Linked to a user’s profile, and allows them to select general interests (e.g. Java, Javascript, CSS, Ruby, etc.)

 

“What are you interested in today?”

       Asked when someone signs up for a specific hackternoon

       Asks what they are interested in doing that day

 
Next Steps

       Identify the most used/most important elements

       Wireframe the elements listed in ‘The Site’ (see above)

       Continue discussion on site elements and work toward specifying navigation elements and site structure
